I am very happy to see you all here.
I went to Iran in the year 1971, and I was
surprised that the people there were just
prepared to get their realization; and at
that time, you had this king ruling there.
We had a program in some hall and many people
got their realization.
And after that, all these problems came in
and I couldn’t keep contact with them at
all; but they must be somewhere, all of them
who got their realization at that time.
Also some people were cured with Sahaja Yoga.
Now the time has come for us to be awakened.
All these problems of fundamentalism, which
have not only troubled you – they have fundamentalism
everywhere, the whole world – there are
Christians who are fundamentalists, there
are Jews who are fundamentalists, all kinds
of things they are doing.
As you have seen that, how so many Muslims
were killed in Yugoslavia, and now many Muslims
are killing.
It’s going on between this and that area.
Nobody has business to kill anyone, but it
is happening.
The reason is that it has gone into their
heads that they are perfect, they have got
everything.
This is the worst thing that has happened
in the name of God.
God can never make some people available to
religion and others not.
These are all great saints, seers, prophets,
incarnations, born on the same tree of life.
Only people pluck those flowers, and they
are fighting with these dead flowers.
Everybody is in danger of this.
Everybody.
Now these Shias who are in Iraq are in danger;
they are hounded out by this Saddam Hussein.
For no reason.
Kurds are in another trouble; it is impossible
to understand that they never see that they
are doing such horrible things in the name
of God.
So, awakening is needed.
Unless and until you are awakened, you never
understand it.
Now there’s a Sahaja Yogi who is a Muslim,
and his wife is a French lady.
They have written a very nice book explaining
Koran very clearly.
We had about 62 people from different countries,
like Algeria, all these other countries around
Mediterranean Sea, African countries – Senegal
– who were communists, and they think now
they have lost their faith in communism, so
maybe the people might fall into fundamentalism,
and they are very much worried about it.
So they are all coming to India for about
five days, they are going to have a proper
understanding of Sahaja Yoga.
Sahaja Yoga is the culmination of all the
religions.
As Mohammed Sahab has said, “You have to
be a wali."
He has talked about resurrection, Kiyama,
a complete chapter is there.
But they don’t want to talk about it.
And the shariat that they are using is actually
from the five angels from the five books.
The third book of Jeremiah, where in English
they call it Jeremiah, where Moses is the
one who talked of this shariat because when
He came from the mountain of Toor he found
the people were absolutely getting into complete
decadence conditions, absolutely.
All kinds of horrible things they were doing.
He got a fright.
He said, “How can I tell them about these
Ten Commandments; they will never listen to
Me, they have gone beyond any redemption."
So then, because they were so badly o , He
made these rules of shariat.
For the Jews, not for the Muslims.
That time there were no Muslims.
But the Muslims took all these five angels
as a part of their religion.
Out of that, they picked up this and they
started using this shariat.
Shariat is not in Koran.
Mohammed Sahab did not take a note of it,
I think.
Shariat is in this another five books of the
Old Testament.
So this was taken over so much by the Muslims
because other religions are more money-oriented.
Christian religion is more money-oriented.
They want to make money in the name of God.
But Muslims thought better to take to power.
So they made it power-oriented.
To make it power-oriented, they had to suppress
the people, they had to tell them that, “You
can’t do this, you can’t do that, this
is not proper, that is not proper, otherwise
if you do like this, we’ll cut your throat
or your hands will be cut."
And they do all these things, no doubt, because
I’ve been to Iraq.
On every Friday people are buried alive in
the hot sand.
Only their heads are kept out, and so may
people go to watch it.
They really enjoy watching them.
So horrible it is.
They are just burning inside, the hot sand
is burning them, they can’t get out, and
only you can see their faces and then they
ultimately die.
This kind of cruelty, how can’t be possible
for God to do, because He is Rahimmath, He
is Rahim.
And it is even worse than gas chamber I can
tell you, because you see in front of you
somebody dying like that.
But when they are there, they don’t drink,
they don’t smoke.
They do it; secretly they do.
Once I was traveling from Riyadh to London
and I slept o .
When I opened My eyes they were all in burka.
They had come in burka, they had covered themselves
up and everything.
When I got up I saw very fashionable ladies,
very fashionable.
I thought we stopped somewhere, or what.
So I asked the air hostess, “Did we stop
somewhere?”
Said, “No, it’s a direct fight."
I said, “How these ladies, how have they
come in?”
They said, “They are the same.
You see they are wearing the burka and all
that."
Now see, this is what, they were painting
themselves, they were all doing everything.
So this is unnatural.
Mohammed Sahab was a very practical man.
He would never have said something unnatural.
Is very unnatural.
Of course, he asked the women to cover themselves
up.
Also one of the reasons is that the place
is full of dust.
Even the men cover their heads bound like
that.
So full of dust.
And He respected women so much.
He thought that the women should not be abused
as prostitutes, so He said whatever it is
because there were very few men, very few.
Most of the young men had died.
And so many women.
He said, “You marry five times will be alright,
but marry.
Don’t have women who are like prostitutes."
So, to give importance to marriage, He married
himself.
And He made others also marry.
But it’s not compulsory that you should
marry.
Under those circumstances –in Sanskrit we
call it samayachar, the time, that was the
time – and according to the time, these
people found out things, what is to be done
for that particular time.
Now for example, now we have drugs.
They didn’t have drugs at that time.
Even Mohammed Sahab time, there was no smoking.
He, of course, He knew about the alcohol,
so He said no more alcohol.
But there was no smoking, so Muslims think
that if you smoke, it’s alright because
it’s allowed.
It’s an escape, you know, just an escape.
Now the drugs also, I was surprised in these
Arabic countries they’re taking drugs.
Young people are taking drugs.
Quite a lot.
Even ladies take drugs there.
It’s very surprising.
The reason for that is again, that in the
Koran there’s no word of drugs.
Now Koran itself was not written at the time
of Mohammed Sahab as you know very well.
There’s a very great scholar who has written
about it, that Mohammed Sahab got all these
inspirations, and He told people to write
who were of His age group, his friends and
things, very reliable people.
But they couldn’t write anything.
So they remembered everything by heart.
Forty years, they didn’t write.
Then they were getting old, so they asked
their children to learn how to write, and
they told the children.
So now from Mohammed Sahab to these people,
which was kept in their memory, then it was
even to the children.
So you can imagine there is authenticity of
Koran could be also little bit doubted, because
maybe there are certain things that have gone
wrong.
I tell you, the biggest mistake was this,
that it was said that Mohammed Sahab said
that I am the last prophet.
He never said that.
If He had said it, why should He talk about
Kiyama?
About the future?
If He was the last, He should have done with
the Kiyama part, why did He keep it hanging
in the air?
That shows He never said it.
But apart from that, their word is that He
was the seal.
It means also stamp.
Even in Arabic language it means stamp.
So He is one of the stamps.
Like in the Indian scriptures, we have the
Primordial Master.
Then we have this Master incarnates, like
in Iran, you had Zoroaster.
According to Sahaja Yog, Zoroaster was the
same.
Five Zoroasters came there to preach about
God and religion.
These were the people who are now in India,
who ran away from there, we call them Iranians,
you see.
They ran away.
This is Persepolis, you know that where Shiraz,
near Shiraz, where the capital was there,
at that time.
Now all that was over and then they didn’t
want to say that Mohammed Sahab was one of
the incarnations of the Primordial Master.
They wouldn’t say that.
What they said, that He was the last.
Now logically we must understand, if He was
the last, then why did He talk about resurrection?
About the future?
Also He showed tremendous respect for Christ
and His Mother.
Even in the Bible there is no respect at all.
She is called as a ’woman’ in the Bible.
But He said that nobody dare say anything
against Her character.
Because He knew what She was.
Many things could not be explained that time.
Also all the time the war was going on, you
know that, and there were tribes who were
attacking them; He had to go from here to
there and they were all destroyed.
Quite a lot of people were destroyed there.
So many people were destroyed in these wars
and in these big invasions of the other people.
Even Mohammed Sahab was given poison.
All the time people were after His life.
And in that whatever was possible, He has
explained it, whatever was possible in that
short time.
Beautiful things.
I mean Islam is one of the highest things
you can think of.
But, Muslims are nowhere near Islam.
Muslims are here, Islam is there.
Like in any religion.
I will tell you about Christianity.
Christianity, when Christ died, this fellow
Mr.
Paul, who was a Roman executive, or bureaucrat,
working with the government.
So, he thought that all the blame of the death
of Christ will fall upon the Roman government.
So first thing He said, that Christ was killed
by Jews, so condemn them.
Poor things, for years together, these Jews
were condemned, and every action has a reaction:
because they were condemned, so now they have
become aggressive.
Then this Paul thought that this is a very
good platform, he can jump on it.
And he found this fellow whose name was Peter,
who was the weakest disciple of Christ.
Christ had said that the Satan will take you
over.
Had said it.
In the Bible it is.
So he got hold of this fellow, Peter, and
both have joined hands, and they re-edited
Bible.
Despite that there are lots of truths there
left, but they re-edited, and in that, He
said that Christ said that Peter will establish
a church, and I give him the key.
It’s impossible.
See now, we have so many Sahaja Yogis.
Among them, the one who is the weakest, good
for nothing, for whom I say that Satan will
take over, do you think he will be appointed
as the head?
Not possible!
That’s how this horrible Roman Catholic
church started.
Now the less said the better about Roman Catholic.
They are, firstly, very money-oriented people.
So many things are coming out about them that’s
shocking.
Very licentious, horrible people; they have
been abusing children, their priests have
been doing all kinds of things, and their
church itself has counterfeited ten million
dollars.
Counterfeited.
And distributed this through their bank.
Why should any divine person think of having
a bank?
They have a bank of their own.
Can you imagine?
And in the bank they use the counterfeited
money.
And that counterfeited money is distributed.
I have now, recently, living in Italy, so
many things are coming out about this church.
Now the latest is that this Pope has taken
five hundred thousand pounds as a kickback
from one man.
This man was arrested.
And he said that, “This man has taken a
kickback from me, but I have been giving him
since long."
And now, it was also said that, I mean it’s
there, that he has a keep.
He had her there in Warsaw, and he has brought
her here.
And this book, there is one book, ‘In The
Name of God’ where this author, English
author, American, he’s American, he has
pointed out that this Pope murdered the previous
Pope.
He has been a politician, he has sent lots
of, of course it was in time also, lots of
bombs and things to Warsaw, to Poland, and
many people were killed.
I mean a divine person, why should any divine
person do all these things?
This shows that all these, even Hindus are
terrible people if you want to hear about
them also, it’s terrible.
I don’t know how they are Hindus, because
it’s written in the Gita, that in everybody’s
heart, there is the Spirit.
So how can you have caste system?
And his own book, that is Gita, was written
by an illegitimate child of a sherwoman.
So this caste system was created later on
by these so-called Brahmins who never knew
what is Brahma is.
Then Buddhists, another nonsense they are,
terrible.
Recently this Dalai Lama, he’s a beggar,
he’s begging everywhere money, you see,
he has got so many wrinkles that you can count
them.
He said, surprisingly, that we cannot have
one universal religion because we are all
different people.
Because they want to fight.
Because if you are one religion, then who
will fight?
They want to fight and kill others.
So this great power of killing others will
be lost once you become one religion.
So he says, we don’t believe in universal
religion.
We are all different people.
How are we different?
See, if you cut your hand, the same bone,
the same nerves, the same arteries, veins,
everything in everyone, whether you are Irani,
India, English, America.
There is no difference at all, it is skin
deep, absolutely skin deep.
What is the difference?
We laugh the same way, we cry the same way.
We don’t cry from our ears.
We cry from our eyes only.
All of us.
What is the difference is?
All our hair, you see, grow out of our head.
They don’t grow through our nose or something
like that.
It’s a funny thing, you know, that “we
are different."
We are not.
I mean it’s surprising.
How can they say such a thing about God that
He created us different?
Of course, there’s a skin difference.
It is, after all, supposing you wear all just
the same.
It would have been so boring.
Everybody looks the same like a laboratory,
you see, there’s no expression of anything,
the same nose, the same eyes, and you wouldn’t
be able to make out who is who.
So the variety was created, the variety was
created, just to create beauty.
Is important that there should be variety.
Whatever God has done for our good, we always
make a mess out of it.
That’s specialty of human beings.
Whatever good things He creates or does that,
we can easily make a mess out of it.
So it’s important we all should get our
realization first.
We all have to become the ‘wali.’
Wali you have to be.
And once that happens, then you will be surprised,
you will know Mohammed Sahab much better,
you know Islam much better, and you know all
the religions, that are contained together.
So many things happen now.
Tomorrow’s lecture I am going to tell you
all about it, what great things are going
to come once we all become one with this Ruh,
with all this All-pervading.
They have talked about Ruh.
But Islam is only nothing but Ruh, while the
Muslims [are] least bothered.
Where is the Ruh?
They never find out.
Only thing they know is to kill somebody,
or to … this thing.
Really, it is impossible to understand this
fighting business – is so much.
Go on fighting.
They are, actually I should say, little naive,
so their fundamentalism is open.
Christians are no less fundamentalists.
Tremendous fundamentalists they are.
In England, there’s only one religion, is
this Church of England.
Other religions are not religions at all,
only Church of England.
Great fundamentalists.
Apart from Catholic Church.
Now, how far they are going, they are very
liberal.
First they said, some of them said, that Christ
was a homosexual.
Can you imagine such a thing to be said?
Alright.
So now they are having homosexual marriages.
In the Church.
This is the situation of all the religions
today.
All kinds of stupid things they are doing
in the name of God.
How can in the church you marry such things,
and then you can adopt a child and do like
that?
Because, reason is, they want money.
So, now, if you want to have money, you have
to, it’s like an election, you, like the
votes.
So far, these votes, you have to accept whatever
they say.
There are no fundamental principles, there
is no fundamental value system.
Whatever people say, “Alright, we’ll do
that."
This is how the religion has been to this
time.
And I don’t know how many more stupid things
they are going to do, and how many people
they are going to kill in the name of God.
All of them think that God is in their pocket.
Whether you are Christian, Hindu, Muslim,
anything.
One can commit any sin.
There’s no restriction.
But a Sahaja Yogi cannot.
Sahaja Yogi has to practice what he preaches.
If he doesn’t do it, he gets out of Sahaja
Yoga.
But he does it.
I don’t have to say, “These are Ten Commandments,”
nothing.
You get the light of your spirit, and you
yourself look after yourself, I don’t have
to bother.
You become your own masters, your prophets,
and you look after yourself.
I don’t have to bother about it.
It is as simple as that.
And nowhere, in all these religions, there
is even an essence of love that is God.
Whether it is this or that.
They are all full of greed and lust.
Absolutely.
Sometimes I feel at the helm of a airs, we
have people who are much worse than us.
Much worse than even ordinary people.
They do all kinds of nonsensical things.
In Riyadh, you have todo five times namaz.
These mutawahs, they are standing with hunters,
you see, they close all the shops, five times.
Now, if any lady is there or somebody, if
she doesn’t cover her head fully, they’ll
come and hit you.
They may not be Muslims, but you are supposed
to cover your head.
Such injustice, and no freedom of any kind.
While the prince and princess with their horrible
life they are leading, horrible.
And the other people also, the sheiks, are
… you know what kind of people they are.
They have no right to call themselves Islamic.
No right.
No character, nothing.
Horrible people.
So now, we have to understand now that all
of us should take to something that is reality,
and must awaken ourselves to that reality,
to enjoy life.
Now time has come for you to enjoy.
We have had enough of this nonsense.
Now we can stop it and finish it o .
Doctor must have told you how physical, emotional,
mental problems can be solved so easily with
this.
Also material problems can be solved.
All of you understand the importance of your
own personalities, because you are Iranians
here.
If you want to save your people, you have
to work it out yourself.
We have already some Iranians who are Sahaja
Yogis.
I don’t know if you have met them.
There are some Sahaja Yogis already – Iranians
– they come to Turkey and go back.
We are going to have a Diwali Pūjā in Turkey,
where all these Eastern Block and Russians
are going to come, and all these Muslims might
come also.
They have given us a very nice place also,
might have that there.
Will be a good idea to meet all of the people
who are enlightened.
One good thing about Russians and these Communist
countries is that their government may be
bad, but you see, they are very open-hearted.
I mean they are so sensitive to spirituality.
In one place called Togliatti, there are 22,000
Sahaja Yogis practicing.
Just like that.
Spreading so fast.
They are so open-minded.
They are so susceptible, they are so sensitive.
Just seeing My photograph, can you imagine,
thousands of them came.
I said how?
They said it is, you can see Mother.
And all these people, Rajneesh, they just
threw them out.
Except for these Azerbaijanis.
Poor things, they smuggle Koran there.
And this is, Americans are doing this trick.
You see, Americans are very clever, they want
to create problems.
So they gave them these Korans, and they were
smuggling.
Saddam Hussein they are trying to reclaim
somehow or other.
They could have arrested him long time back.
But he’s still there.
What are they up to, these Americans?
They themselves gave him so many ships and
things, and later on they are bombarding their
own ships.
The Germans built his bunk, and they said
this bunk, you cannot destroy because we have
built it, we know what it is.
So all the European countries have this Mr.
Saddam Hussein, and now he is on their back.
So, it’s a big game of politics – nonsense
that’s going on.
All these things will soon be disappearing
because people know now.
Everybody’s getting exposed.
And I’m sure some sensible people will stand
up and say that stop all this nonsense now,
let’s stick to reality.
If you have any questions, I would like to
answer you also.
Man spoke.
Was worried that
the situation in Iran is affecting the people’s
spirituality.
They no longer believe in Koran.
A woman he knows whose children and grandchildren
were killed has stopped praying altogether.
Actually you must get your connection.
You should get connected to God Almighty.
Then there’s no need even to pray, just
you desire, it works out.
I want you Iranians to really get in connection
with God Almighty, and all your desires will
be fulfilled.
But first the connection must be there.
Without the connection, if you are praying,
what’s the use?
Many people in Iran also think the same way
as you are saying, very much.
But they are little helpless because they
are not free, you see.
I have this great feeling for Iran.
Fatima was there.
Her two children were killed there.
That’s a very sad story.
And now, despite all oil and everything, I
have heard that people are getting very poor
there, and even small children of 12 years
or so are carrying guns in their hands.
It’s a mad world.
We have a company of shipping, Indo–Iran.
And the officers who go there and come tell
us the story about it.
Already there is one doctor who has married
an Indian girl who is a Sahaja Yogi.
But they are all afraid to talk about Sahaja
Yoga.
Because, you see, it’s a military rule there.
You cannot say anything.
But there are.
But outside Iran, you can work it out.
It’s a very silent revolution that’s going
on in the whole world.
Now in Sahaja Yoga there are fifty-five countries.
Fifty-five countries.
And they all love each other.
Never a problem of any quarreling, fighting,
nothing.
Tremendous love.
So all this racialism, all these artificial
barriers which separates human beings, is
absolutely finished, and you will be amazed
that you have friends everywhere.
We have one Iranian girl who came from Iran
to Rome.
She went to the ashram.
Immediately they said, “Yes, yes, come along."
She’s staying there.
And then she met Me.
Because she had her realization in, I think,
in Turkey.
Then she went back, then she came, and she
came to this ashram.
She is very nicely settled there.
So, all over the world, people are there,
your brothers and sisters will be very happy
to help you in every way that is possible.
It is not for any money, for any favor, anything,
but it is for love.
Any other question?
They have all got realization!
Your namaz is nothing but realization, that’s
what it is.
Islam means surrender.
Islam itself means surrender.
And the whole namaz is nothing but awakening
of the Kundalini.
But they don’t understand.
Like a physical exercise they do namaz.
Nothing goes in the heart.
The religion is not inside.
It’s all outside.
Without love, what is religion?
Because God is love.
He is truth.
But truth
is love.
Everywhere we are getting one or two Iranians
coming to the program.
Everywhere.
But in Turkey we had many.
They come to Turkey – they’re allowed
– I think, to come for holidays or something.
So we had many there and now they have gone
back.
And secretly they are spreading Sahaja Yoga
there, giving realizations to people.
Also in ancient times, the son of Rama went
through Iran.
His name was Luv.
He went to Caucasus.
That’s why the Russians are called as Slavs.
You see, his name was Luv – slav – with
love.
Now this is said in our Puranas, that when
He went there, there was a temple of a Goddess
called Hindulika, on the way, in Iran itself,
there was this temple but I don’t know the
exact spot where it is, and they used to worship
the goddess in those days.
But then the whole thing was very different.
They used to worship women, mothers, very
much in those days.
Question: Is there a center in Israel?
Shri Mataji: We have a center in Israel.
There is a center in Israel.
There are 20 people who are Sahaja Yogis.
What happened, from Russia, those Jews who
went there, they started a center.
Lady: [worried about the problems in that
region affecting people, in the same way as
in Iran.]
Shri Mataji: They have gone o their heads,
I think.
They have suffered so much, and that reaction
is there.
And so many bad things they are doing, you
see.
So what happens, always anger always begets
anger.
They got it from Hitler, so now they are giving
it back.
Horrible things are happening there.
But gradually I’m sure the election was
good they said, the Premier is a good person.
But it’s wrong.
It’s wrong to behave like that.
They also suffered a lot.
All the sufferings are now coming out.
It’s all human creation, this kind of hatred.
First of all, that they killed Christ, so
they were treated as something very low.
Also they were regarded as a low race.
They suffered a lot.
This Freud, he was a Jew.
And what he did, that he thought that in Christian
religion, there is this original sin, so he
started his own theory.
So many jumped on him and they started worshipping
him.
Of all kinds of things, it is very difficult.
But do you know that the Jews ultimately lost
everything.
They came to India and settled in Kashmir.
And they are even now called as Kashman Jew.
Their surnames are ‘Jew.’
And also Moses died in India.
He died in India.
So I’ll take your leave now.
May God bless you.
Very nice to have met you.
Now I can see great hope for Iran.
Very great hope.